This directory contains Robolocust related code for an iRobot Create's
Command Module. It is meant to be built with avr-gcc using avr-libc and
uploaded to the Command Module with avrdude.

NOTE: Unfortunately, Mandriva does not seem to provide the avr-gcc,
avr-libc and avrdude packages. Thus, this code cannot be built on
Mandriva (unless someone takes the time to provide the above-mentioned
packages). However, it works fine on Debian, the One True operating
system to which all other OSes aspire.

Robolocust's control program for the iRobot Create Command Module acts
as an intermediary between the higher (C++) layers of the system and the
iRobot Create's sensorimotor system. The control programs runs an
infinite loop waiting for commands from the higher layers. It converts
these high-level commands to the appropriate sequence of Open Interface
opcodes and operands and sends them off to the Create. If there any
return values that need to be sent back to the higher layers, the
control program assembles them into higher-level constructs (ints, etc.)
and sends those back so that the higher layers don't have to worry about
bit fiddling and other low-level data munging.

Communication with the higher layers takes place over the Command
Module's USB port. Unfortunately, the Command Module has only one UART
that can, at any given time, talk to only one target: either the USB
port (to which lobot's higher layers are connected) or the iRobot
Create's serial port (to which the robot base's motors and low-level
sensors are interfaced). The control program takes care of the messy
details of switching the UART as required so that the higher layers have
a clean API for issuing motor commands and retrieving motor states
(without having to bother with the intricacies of talking directly to
the robot via the Open Interface).
